75325: Add note about configuring OOB Enternet port IP. (#718)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/snippets/xseries.rst

Discover Out-of-Band Management IP Address
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**A functioning Out-of-Band Ethernet port IP address is required for remote support.**

> It is recommended to immediately configure this IP address and test the network connection.

Reviewer: Please don't say "It is recommended".
```suggestion
Immediately configuring the OOB IP address and testing the network connection is strongly recommended.
```

> Several methods are available to determine the IP address currently

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**A functioning Out-of-Band Ethernet port IP address is required for remote support.**
It is recommended to immediately configure this IP address and test the network connection.
Several methods are available to determine the IP address currently
```

assigned to the X-Series Out-of-Band management interface.

> .. important:: **Configuring the OOB Ethernet port IP address and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

>    connecting it to the network is strongly recommended, and required

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

>    for remote support**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
